adding initial slugs (#591)
SimpleDataLabsInc/prophecy-docs: docs/Spark/gems/subgraph/subgraph.md

## Types of Subgraphs

There are three types of Subgraph available by default. The [Basic](/Spark/gems/subgraph/basic-subgraph) Subgraph is a great introduction to using Subgraphs.

| Name                                                  | Description                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Basic](/Spark/gems/subgraph/basic-subgraph)          | Captures one or more gems within a pipeline to reuse across other pipelines and projects.                                       |
| [Table Iterator](/Spark/gems/subgraph/table-iterator) | Iterates over one or more gems for each row of the first input DataFrame. Table iterator is available for Python projects only. |

> | [Novel Type](/Spark/gems/subgraph/basic-subgraph/)    | Apply any custom logic to the group of gems present inside the Subgraph.                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Novel Type](/Spark/gems/subgraph/#create-your-own-type-of-subgraph)    | Apply any custom logic to the group of gems present inside the Subgraph.                                                        |
```
@kathweinschenkprophecy I messed up and it's actually the section right below it 😅

Reviewer: oh oop i didn't see it
